RC: Add password length requirements (#667)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/security/access-control/data-access-control/create-assign-users.md

    {{<image filename="images/rc/data-access-control-users-add-role.png" width="300px" alt="User select role." >}}

> 1. Enter and confirm the user's password. ACL user passwords must be between 8 and 28 characters long and contain a combination of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. 

Reviewer: Is the list of supported special characters mentioned elsewhere? If not, it might be a good idea to include it here.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Enter and confirm the user's password. ACL user passwords must be between 8 and 128 characters long.
```
Thanks for the feedback - I also noticed a typo I made and just decided to remove that part.
